# MODULE 10: Mission to Mars - Web Scraping with HTML/CSS

## Overview of the Analysis
* A data scientist who is just starting out In her leisure time, Robin works as a freelance astronomer. Her ambition is to work for NASA in the future. As a result, she spends a lot of time on websites that cover space and exploration, particularly the Mars mission. She develops an idea one day when reading an article on how much water the red planet may have had in its childhood. What if she could develop a script that would collect all of the information she seeks in one place, and then show it off to other Astrofiles? It might even catch NASA's notice if it's refined enough. Robin is persuaded after a couple of days of contemplation. She wants to collect data about the Mars mission from all over the internet and show it in one central area without having to waste her leisure time manually collecting it. Instead, she intends to create a web application that, with the press of a button, will scrape new data whenever she instructs it to. All she has to do now is prepare.

* Robin will need to grasp how webpages are formed before she can scrape the data. She'll be able to develop a Python script that will navigate the webpages and collect the necessary data this way. Robin will require a storage location once she has gathered all of the information. Robin will use MongoDB, a NoSQL database, instead of a SQL database with its structural rules. The reason for this is that data gathered from the internet can take many various formats. It's not usually in the SQL-required neat and tidy tables. Mongo was created as a document-based database, which better meets Robin's demands. Sure, she'll be downloading tables, but she'll also be downloading paragraphs and photographs. Robin will need to utilize Flask to put it all together in her own web application. Flask is a web framework that she may use to build a web application in Python and then customize it with HTML and CSS. 

### Purpose
* Help Robin scrape data from the internet, store gathered information into a NoSQL database (MongoDB) and present results through a web application built with HTML, CSS and Flask. She's also decided to make a portfolio to display her work, particularly this one. She wants to include a link to her portfolio on her resume, so she'll utilize Bootstrap to make it look more professional.